[DOC-3407] Provide info about re-reading certificates on k8s-managed clusters (#14374)
cockroachdb/docs: v21.2/create-security-certificates-custom-ca.md

On [accessing the DB Console](ui-overview.html#db-console-access) for a secure cluster, your web browser will consider the CockroachDB-issued certificate invalid, because the browser hasn't been configured to trust the CA that issued the certificate.

For secure clusters, you can avoid getting the warning message by using a certificate issued by a public CA whose certificates are trusted by browsers, in addition to the CockroachDB-created certificates.

1. Request a certificate from a public CA (for example, [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/)). The certificate must have the IP addresses and DNS names used to reach the DB Console listed in the `Subject Alternative Name` field.
2. Rename the certificate and key as `ui.crt` and `ui.key`.
3. Add the `ui.crt` and `ui.key` to the [certificate directory](cockroach-cert.html#certificate-directory). `ui.key` must meet the [permission requirements check](cockroach-cert.html#key-file-permissions) on macOS, Linux, and other UNIX-like systems. If your cluster is deployed using containers, update the containers to include the new certificate and key.

> 4. The cockroach process reads certificates only when the process starts.

Reviewer: Nit: We usually style this:

```
`cockroach` process
```

> 4. The cockroach process reads certificates only when the process starts.

Author: ```suggestion
4. The `cockroach` process reads certificates only when the process starts.
```

>    - In a manually-deployed cluster, load the `ui.crt` certificate without restarting the node by issuing a `SIGHUP` signal to the cockroach process:

Reviewer: Dito

Author: Thanks for pointing these out. I was modeling it off the previous line 39.

>    - In a manually-deployed cluster, load the `ui.crt` certificate without restarting the node by issuing a `SIGHUP` signal to the cockroach process:

Reviewer: Maybe worth linking "manually-deployed cluster" to https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/manual-deployment.html ?

>    - In a manually-deployed cluster, load the `ui.crt` certificate without restarting the node by issuing a `SIGHUP` signal to the cockroach process:

Author: ```suggestion
   - In a manually-deployed cluster, load the `ui.crt` certificate without restarting the node by issuing a `SIGHUP` signal to the `cockroach` process:
```

      {% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
      ~~~ shell
      pkill -SIGHUP -x cockroach
      ~~~

>       The `SIGHUP` signal must be sent by the same user running the process (e.g., run with sudo if the cockroach process is running under user root).

Reviewer: Ditto

>       The `SIGHUP` signal must be sent by the same user running the process (e.g., run with sudo if the cockroach process is running under user root).

Author: ```suggestion
      The `SIGHUP` signal must be sent by the same user running the process (e.g., run with `sudo` if the `cockroach` process is running under user `root`).
```
Are we sure this is true? If it was started by an unprivileged user, could `root` send the signal, or would that re-launch the process under `root`?

Author: I filed https://cockroachlabs.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-4671 to explore the nuance of sending signals and privilege.

>    - In a cluster deployed using the Kubernetes Operator, it's not possible to send a `SIGHUP` signal to an individual cockroach process on each cluster node. Instead, perform a rolling restart of the cluster's pods.

Reviewer: Perhaps link "deployed using the Kubernetes Operator" to https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/v22.1/deploy-cockroachdb-with-kubernetes

Also, per our [style](https://github.com/cockroachdb/docs/blob/master/StyleGuide.md) let's avoid using contractions here (i.e., "in cases where a clear directive or prohibition is being given")

>    - In a cluster deployed using the Kubernetes Operator, it's not possible to send a `SIGHUP` signal to an individual cockroach process on each cluster node. Instead, perform a rolling restart of the cluster's pods.

Author: ```suggestion
   - In a cluster deployed using the [Kubernetes Operator](/docs/stable/deploy-cockroachdb-with-kubernetes), there is no way to send a `SIGHUP` signal to the individual `cockroach` process on each cluster node. Instead, perform a rolling restart of the cluster's pods.
```
